# License

## The Girino License

Copyright (c) 2003-2025 Girino Vey.

Permission to use this software, modify and distribute it, or parts of
it, is granted to everyone who wishes provided that the above
copyright notice is kept or the following conditions are met:

1) The software IS modified in any way (note that the removal of the
copyright notice is by itself a modification).

2) If the modification is made in the name of one single individual,
he must do one of the following:

   a) go to a public place (with more than 100 people present) wearing a
   He-man costume (yes, the character from the animated series!!!) and
   shout loudly so many people hear: "I have the power". This sentence can
   be said in English or the official translation used in the animated
   series in the country or region where the person is performing this
   action.

   b) go to a public place (with more than 1000 people, such as a sports
   stadium) naked and run around for at least 5 minutes (unless the
   local authorities arrest him for any reason, in which case the time
   will be limited to the time that it takes for him to get arrested)
   showing a big banner with big letters that can be read by most of the
   people present stating: "I am removing a copyright notice and
   changing the license of some software".

3) In the case of a company, corporation or association of any kind
making the modification in this software, the president, CEO or most
important person in this association (if it's to be used in the
government in countries that are monarchies, the king of the country
would be this person; in parliamentary democracies, the prime
minister) should follow the actions stated in 2.

Whenever the steps 1 and 2 or 1 and 3 are accomplished, this license
no longer applies to the software and it can be used by the person (in
case of 2) or the company/association (in case of 3) in any way they
wish as if the piece of software was found in the public domain.

## Disclaimer

This software and all associated documentation, files and whatever
ships with it is **NOT SUPPOSED TO BE USED IN AN USEFUL WAY!** If by any
reason it happens to be useful to you and not destroy your whole life
with insanity, or just not give you any kind of monetary loss, you
should be thanking all the gods of your current religion, if any, or
the intelligence of human kind and creativity if you are an atheist.
You are not supposed to blame anyone except for yourself if this
software does not accomplish what you expected from it and no one
except for yourself and your company should be legally liable for any
losses, damages or anything caused by this software. If you ever think
of doing so you are entitled the right to shoot yourself in the head
for being such a jackass.

---

See original at [http://girino.org/license/](http://girino.org/license/)